update quickstart document (#3871)
quickwit-oss/quickwit: docs/get-started/quickstart.md

curl -o stackoverflow-index-config.yaml https://raw.githubusercontent.com/quickwit-oss/quickwit/main/config/tutorials/stackoverflow/index-config.yaml
```

> The index config defines three fields: `title`, `body` and `createDate`. `title` and `body` are [indexed and tokenized](../configuration/index-config.md#text-type) and they are also used as default search fields, which means they will be used for search if you do not target a specific field in your query. And `creationDate` serves as the timestamp for each record. And there is no more explicit field definitions. We can use the default dynamic [mode](/docs/configuration/index-config.md#mode) to simplify the index configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The index config defines three fields: `title`, `body` and `createDate`. `title` and `body` are [indexed and tokenized](../configuration/index-config.md#text-type), and they are also used as default search fields, which means they will be used for search if you do not target a specific field in your query. `creationDate` serves as the timestamp for each record. There are no more explicit field definitions as we can use the default dynamic [mode](/docs/configuration/index-config.md#mode): the undeclared fields will still be indexed, by default the dynamic mode uses the `raw` tokenizer and set `fast: true` to enable aggregation queries.
```

> The index config defines three fields: `title`, `body` and `createDate`. `title` and `body` are [indexed and tokenized](../configuration/index-config.md#text-type), and they are also used as default search fields, which means they will be used for search if you do not target a specific field in your query. `creationDate` serves as the timestamp for each record. There are no more explicit field definitions as we can use the default dynamic [mode](/docs/configuration/index-config.md#mode): the undeclared fields will still be indexed, by default the dynamic mode uses the `raw` tokenizer and set `fast: true` to enable aggregation queries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The index config defines three fields: `title`, `body` and `creationDate`. `title` and `body` are [indexed and tokenized](../configuration/index-config.md#text-type), and they are also used as default search fields, which means they will be used for search if you do not target a specific field in your query. `creationDate` serves as the timestamp for each record. There are no more explicit field definitions as we can use the default dynamic [mode](/docs/configuration/index-config.md#mode): the undeclared fields will still be indexed, by default fast fields are enabled to enable aggregation queries. and the `raw` tokenizer is used for text. 
```

Author: It's my fault, thanks for the correction

  default_search_fields: [title, body]

indexing_settings:

>   commit_timeout_secs: 5

Reviewer: Do you have a specific reason to modify this value?

Author: To be honest, I copied the config from https://github.com/quickwit-oss/quickwit/blob/main/config/tutorials/stackoverflow/index-config.yaml#L50
Because the document says stackoverflow-index-config.yaml is downloaded using the following command
curl -o stackoverflow-index-config.yaml https://raw.githubusercontent.com/quickwit-oss/quickwit/main/config/tutorials/stackoverflow/index-config.yaml
What value should we use? 5 or 10?

Reviewer: 10 is fine!

Author: Got it, thank you
